# playstore-App-reviews
 A variety of Apps based on different categories are available on the play store either free or paid that can be downloaded by a single click. A developer or create an app and drop it on play store but the main thing is that whether the user is happy with the application or not. For this play store has a rate and review system for each app A user can rate an App according to his satisfaction.
            Google play store data contains information about different category of apps in multiple rows and columns. The objective of this project involves exploratory data analysis using multiple libraries of python for data visualization to draw preliminary conclusions. In this project work, sorting, cleaning and arranging unstructured data into structured form have been adopted for better understanding. 
              We find problem statements from the data and provide the solution using the data frames and converting them to charts, tables, bars & plots etc. we find the distribution of different categories of apps available in the market. We have sorted the apps on basis of their prices so we can get the information of the average price of apps in different categories. We have found top 10 paid apps.
              From our analysis we have extracted some conclusions that in the market there are more free apps as compared to paid apps which can help the developers to find the people’s choice. Apps of the family categories hold the maximum no of shares in the market. We have found the earnings of the paid apps. Based on the ratings & reviews we have segregated the different categories of apps. All these conclusions can help the developers to work on a right path. 
